Estate  Hotel with Private Pool Malaysia  Luxury Holidays Malaysia MY PROFILE Children 0 1 2 3 5 Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Nights 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Check In our story villas the estates dining pure spa village events weddings special offers gallery contact us our story villas the estates dining pure spa village events weddings special offers gallery contact us MAKE A RESERVATION  MY PROFILE MENU WE HAD OUR OWN PRIVATE ISLAND  OUR OWN BEACH OUR OWN SWIMMING POOL THREE PEOPLE TO WAIT ON US  JUST UTTER HEAVEN. Joan Collins I TELEPHONED MY WIFE AND I TOLD HER WE HAVE TO COME BACK HERE. YOU HAVE HERE A SPECIAL PLACE. Sir Jackie Stewart THE SURROUNDING IS BEAUTIFUL THE STAFF IS FANTASTIC THE FOOD IS INCREDIBLE. ITS GOING TO BE A BIG SHOCK GOING BACK TO LONDON. Nick Faldo THE ESTATES The Estates at Pangkor Laut Resort represent Southeast Asias past gentry conjuring an atmosphere that recalls the romantic lifestyle of a British estate manager of old Malaya. Situated on the northern part of the island each of these eight private sanctuaries feature luxurious comforts house between one to four bedrooms separate living and dining pavilions as well as a private pool with dramatic views all set across acres of pristine rainforest. Estate One Two and Four are beachfront featuring a natural marine aquarium at their doorstep in the form of the coves waters. Estate Five to Nine sited on hilltops within the rainforest are magnificent examples of living in a colossal natural arboretum. A personal butler on call serves every estate and a private chauffeurdriven car is available should one decide to venture around the island where a litany of pleasant surprises await at the main resort. THE ORIGINS THE DESIGN PHILOSOPHY THE JOY OF SERVICE THE RESORT The Estates experience is recommended for couples on a honeymoon families on a holiday and private groups celebrating an occasion.For every booking made the Estate will be allocated according to availability. Request for a specific Estate can be made at the point of booking subject to surcharges and availability.Please contact the YTL Travel Centre at 60 3 2783 1000 or travelcentreytlhotels.com for further information. Find out more about each Estate below. ESTATE ONE Situated at one horn of Marina Bays crescentshaped shore Estate One enjoys a secluded bay and a panoramic view of the beach. Dominated by an infinity pool providing views over the clear warm waters of the bay one of its bungalow bedrooms has a fossil wall feature attached to a private jacuzzi sited within a walled garden. As an intimate and cosy hideaway its seclusion is much appreciated by those looking for a quiet contemplative retreat. The Estate features   Two bungalow bedrooms  Two outdoor jacuzzis  Geometric infinity pool  Living pavilion  Dining pavilion READ MORE ESTATE TWO Located in the private enclave of Marina Bay within metres of the shoreline Estate Two winds around a natural fresh water pool. A carved wooden bridge across the pool links prehistoric tropical palms with native bamboos and the rest of the estate. Of its three bungalow bedrooms two have outdoor baths in their private gardens while the third has steps leading directly from the bedroom into the pool perfect for a romantic moonlight swim. The Estate features   Three bungalow bedrooms  Two outdoor jacuzzis  Freeform swimming pool  Living pavilion  Dining pavilion  Sitting pavilion  Bar pavilion READ MORE ESTATE FOUR Closest to the sea Estate Four features a stunning freeform infinity pool that optically spills over into the sea with views of beach and ocean a living pavilion built directly over the waves and a cosy bamboo screened resting pavilion. Its multilevelled layout provides a sense of privacy without the feeling of being enclosed. Affectionately referred to as the honeymoon estate by newlyweds for its romantic ambience it is also much loved by families. The Estate features   Two bungalow bedrooms  Outdoor jacuzzis  Freeform infinity pool  Living pavilion  Dining pavilion  Resting pavilion READ MORE ESTATE FIVE Estate Five rests at the eastern tip of the semicircle of hilltop estates. Featuring 270degree panoramas of the rainforest and sea it is the only estate with a wide wooden deck strategically placed to offer the best view of the Straits of Malacca over the canopy of rainforest trees. The centrally located deck is a favourite with guests who enjoy outdoor parties and barbecues the perfect spot to relax in the evenings under a velvety indigo sky with the lights of Pangkor Island in the distance. The Estate features   Three bungalow bedrooms  Outdoor jacuzzis  Freeform infinity pool  Geometric infinity pool  Living pavilion  Sitting pavilion  Fish pond READ MORE ESTATE SIX The sunniest of all the estates Estate Six is sprawled beneath ageold lofty trees that line its eastern ridge. A largely open area it is anchored by a long lawn and lap pool providing a natural congregating point for families and parents with children can keep watch over their young at the lawn or pool from their bungalow bedrooms. A hot spa just next to the pool is an added attraction while each of the three bungalow bedrooms features a private balcony or verandah with views of the rainforest. The Estate features   Three bungalow bedrooms  Two outdoor jacuzzis  Geometric sunken pool  Living pavilion  Dining pavilion  Outdoor hot spa  Central lawn and pool area READ MORE ESTATE SEVEN As one of the largest and hilliest of all the estates all the structures of Estate Seven are built on staggered levels following the varying slopes of the land resulting in different bungalow bedrooms enjoying the most secluded and expansive private spaces. With bedrooms and pavilions further from each other than in other estates this discrete layout appeals to groups who also prefer some time alone within their own personal garden space. The Estate features   Four bungalow bedrooms  Outdoor jacuzzis  Living pavilion  Dining pavilion  Resting pavilion  Geometric infinity pool  Cascading pond READ MORE ESTATE EIGHT With the rainforest canopy overhead Estate Eight appears to lie beneath a colossal dome of living breathing leaves held up by pillars of ancient trees. The bedrooms feature two layouts  a tower design with double volume bay windows and another with a tree shaded verandah. Perched on the edge of a hillside each bedroom has a sea facing private balcony and deck. The dining pavilion has beautiful sunset views while the living and sitting pavilions overlook a lotus flower inspired infinity pool. The Estate features   Three bungalow bedrooms  Outdoor jacuzzis  Lotusshaped freeform infinity pool  Living pavilion  Dining pavilion  Resting pavilion  Fish pond READ MORE ESTATE NINE Featuring a natural rock garden of ancient monoliths Estate Nine enjoys spectacular views  its living and dining pavilions face the ocean and salty sea breezes while the balconies of its bedrooms overlook the rainforest. Perched on a natural high point overlooking the pool and viewing deck is the hot spa pavilion. Unlike the other private bath pavilions that have exclusive access from the bedrooms this hot spa is designed to be a communal bath in the tradition of Japanese onsen. The Estate features   Four bungalow bedrooms  Three outdoor bath pavilions  Freeform infinity pool  Living pavilion  Dining pavilion  Hot spa pavilion  Geometric fish pond  Natural rock garden  Giant chess board READ MORE A YTL LUXURY RESORT accolades press sustainability careers policies sitemap NEWSLETTER SIGN UP PANGKOR LAUT RESORT Pangkor Laut Island 32200 Lumut Perak Malaysia travelcentreytlhotels.com Reservations or eventsytlhotels.com Groups Telephone 60 3 2783 1000 Reservations or 60 5 699 1100 Resort YTL LUXURY RESORTS Pangkor Laut Resort  Tanjong Jara Resort  Gaya Island Resort Pangkor Laut Resort Tanjong Jara Resort Gaya Island Resort