Pangkor Laut Resort  Villas in Pangkor Island Malaysia MY PROFILE Children 0 1 2 3 5 Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Nights 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Check In our story villas the estates dining pure spa village events weddings special offers gallery contact our story villas the estates dining pure spa village events weddings special offers gallery contact MAKE A RESERVATION  MY PROFILE MENU VILLAS Comfort warmth and contemporary elegance find a home on the private island of Pangkor Laut. This oneofakind resort nestles comfortably into its jungle island habitat offering guests beautifully appointed luxury accommodation set high amidst the hills nestled within lush gardens or resting on stilts above the tropical waters surrounding the island. Our villas amenities include comfortable bedding a writing desk a powered safe a large open ensuite bathroom with an oversized bathtub and two vanity units and an outdoor verandah or balcony with sun loungers. Standard features and services in all villas   Complimentary WiFi  Tea and coffee making facilities  Powered safe  International direct dialling telephone  Minibar  Ceiling fan  Inroom climate control  Selection of international newspapers Occupancy in villas  Maximum Villa Capacity in Garden Hill and Beach Villa  Two adults and two children aged 11 years and under. Maximum Villa Capacity in Sea Villa  Two people aged 12 and above . Maximum Villa Capacity in Spa Villa  Two people aged 16 and above.  Child Policy Two children aged 11 years and under may stay for a surcharge starting from MYR150 per villa per night sleeping on a daybed or sharing king bed with parents. Maximum one daybed per villa with second child sharing daybed or king bed with parents.  Baby Policy Two infants aged one year and under may stay free of charge and will count towards maximum villa occupancy. A cot can be provided by the resort. Infant return speedboat transfers are complimentary. Speedboat Transfers From Marina Island Pangkor  1200pm  100pm  200pm  300pm  400pm From Pangkor Laut Resort  1030am  1130am  1230pm  130pm  230pm Checkin at the resorts office at Marina Island Pangkor is required at least 20 minutes prior to scheduled speedboat departure times. garden villa hill villa beach villa sea villa spa villa suria and purnama suite pavarotti suite garden villa Located amongst lush gardens these villas feature an additional sofa bed a flat screen television with satellite channels and are strategically located close to the main facilities. Those travelling with children may prefer the connecting ground floor villas adjoined from the inside. The connecting villas are limited and subject to availability. Average room size 71 square metres hill villa Perched dramatically on the hillside amidst the rainforest these villas offer a magnificent view of the sea and beautiful tropical gardens. Featuring a flat screen television with satellite channels as well as an additional sofa bed villas on the ground floor provide a bathtub that opens out to the rainforest while those located on the first floor include a large indoor bathtub. Limited villas connected by balcony are available for families. Average room size 71 square metres beach villa Within walking distance of the Royal Bay beach by the resort jetty these villas feature a large bathroom with a separate shower and a large bathtub open to the elements a flat screen television with satellite channels an additional sofa bed and offer views of the sea. While providing a stunning scene the seabed of Royal Bay has a natural rocky formation and guests are advised to swim at Emerald Bay. Average room size 95 square metres sea villa Standing elegantly on stilts over the sea and linked by wooden walkways these villas are the signature feature of the island. Each villa includes a large balcony with sun loungers and a bathroom with an oversized tub and a ceiling mounted shower that opens onto the sea. Average room size 55 square metres spa villa Spa Villas are bungalows on stilts over the sea offering direct access to Spa Village and its lap pool. Each unit features an oversized bath with ceiling mounted shower and a large balcony with a stunning view of the Straits of Malacca. Average room size 55 square metres suria and purnama suite Both suites stand on stilts over the sea and feature an entrance hall separate bedroom an elegant lounge with a television balconies for sunbathing and a spacious bathroom with windows that offer beautiful views of the sea from the oversized bathtub. Average room size 107 square metres pavarotti suite Named after the worldrenowned tenor who fell in love with Pangkor Laut this is an elegant twobedroom suite set high on the hill in the rainforest. It has a luxurious lounge area a flat screen television with satellite channels an extensive balcony with breathtaking views of the sea and tropical rainforest and an enormous openroofed bathroom. Average room size 242 square metres A YTL LUXURY RESORT accolades press sustainability careers policies sitemap NEWSLETTER SIGN UP PANGKOR LAUT RESORT Pangkor Laut Island 32200 Lumut Perak Malaysia travelcentreytlhotels.com Reservations or eventsytlhotels.com Groups Telephone 60 3 2783 1000 Reservations or 60 5 699 1100 Resort YTL LUXURY RESORTS Pangkor Laut Resort  Tanjong Jara Resort  Gaya Island Resort Pangkor Laut Resort Tanjong Jara Resort Gaya Island Resort