Pangkor Laut Resort Events Venue  Romantic Beach Wedding Malaysia MY PROFILE Children 0 1 2 3 5 Adults 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Nights 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Check In our story villas the estates dining pure spa village events weddings special offers gallery contact us our story villas the estates dining pure spa village events weddings special offers gallery contact us MAKE A RESERVATION  MY PROFILE MENU WEDDINGS Located on a private island off the West Coast of Malaysia in the Straits of Malacca Pangkor Laut Resort is as unique as the natural beauty that surrounds it. Here sophisticated romance plays against the breathtaking views of a tropical paradise offering the perfect backdrop to bring your family and friends together in celebration of your union. A One Island One Resort experience awaits couples travelling to the romantic Pangkor Laut Resort in Malaysia to celebrate their union. This dreamy tropical setting offers the ideal mix of tranquillity and romance  the perfect place to celebrate your wedding. While here be royalty for the day with Raja Sehari delve into the executive chefs culinary secrets charter a private cruise aboard a luxury yacht or The Impian sports yacht or simply slip into an afternoon bliss with the indulgent couples spa treatment. End the day with a sunset cruise aboard our romantic teakwood Oriental junk followed by an exquisite dinner prepared by your private chef on the sandy shores of the world famous Emerald Bay. COMPLIMENTARY HONEYMOON Book your wedding day at Pangkor Laut Resort and enjoy a luxury honeymoon compliments of YTL Hotels. Enjoy a complimentary twonights honeymoon stay at Spa Village Resort Tembok Bali experience authentic Bali in our uniquely peaceful and tranquil beachfront spa set against a lush landscape of mystical peaks and the vivid blue sea. Terms and Conditions Flights are not included. Offer applicable on new bookings only. LANTERN COURTYARD WEDDING Walk down the aisle and exchange vows beneath a floral gazebo and a decorated garden pavilion. As the sun sets the lanternlit courtyard sets a romantic celebratory tone. The crafted experience includes Two nights stay in a Sea Villa with daily breakfast for the wedding couple Couple Spa Experience at Spa Village Pangkor Laut recommended preceremony Bridal bouquet and boutonniere for groom Petal strewn aisle and chair decorations for up to 30 guests Floraldecorated gazebo and garden pavilion A wedding celebrant blessing A prewedding reception with welcome drinks and nibbles Twotier wedding cake A symbolic tree planting ceremony Exclusive wedding keepsakes Complimentary two nights honeymoon stay at Spa Village Resort Tembok Bali experience authentic Bali in our uniquely peaceful and tranquil beachfront spa set against a lush landscape of mystical peaks and the vivid blue sea. AN EMERALD BEACH WEDDING Exchange vows and leave the first footprints together at the awardwinning Emerald Bay as the sun sets. The picturesque setting weaves in romantic elements of a shelllined petal strewn aisle tropical flower arch and spectacular sunset views. The crafted experience includes Two nights stay in a Sea Villa with daily breakfast for the wedding couple Couple Spa Experience at Spa Village Pangkor Laut recommended preceremony Bridal bouquet and boutonniere for groom Petal strewn aisle with tropical flowers gazebo A wedding celebrant blessing A prewedding reception with welcome drinks and nibbles Fivecourse set dinner with a bottle of champagne for the celebratory toasting Twotier wedding cake select from butter cake chocolate fudge fruitcake or cheesecake flavours A symbolic tree planting ceremony Exclusive wedding keepsakes Complimentary two nights honeymoon stay at Spa Village Resort Tembok Bali experience authentic Bali in our uniquely peaceful and tranquil beachfront spa set against a lush landscape of mystical peaks and the vivid blue sea. A WEDDING AT THE ESTATES A private and exclusive sanctuary each promises absolute privacy and relaxation. The understated elegance of The Estates sets the perfect sense of exclusivity for a private exchange of vows and intimate celebrations. The crafted experience includes Two nights stay in a private 2bedroom Hilltop Estate for the wedding couple A personal Butler and Chef on call during your stay Couple Spa Experience at Spa Village Pangkor Laut recommended preceremony Private wedding reception for guests in your very own Estate garden Tropical floraldecorated wedding arch and chair decorations A wedding celebrant blessing Prewedding reception with welcome drinks Fivecourse curated dinner with a bottle of champagne for the celebratory toasting Twotier wedding cake A complimentary bottle of champagne at turndown A symbolic tree planting ceremony Exclusive wedding keepsakes Complimentary two nights honeymoon stay at Spa Village Resort Tembok Bali experience authentic Bali in our uniquely peaceful and tranquil beachfront spa set against a lush landscape of mystical peaks and the vivid blue sea. To discuss your requirements and how we can help craft an inspired wedding day to rememberplease contact our dedicated events team at eventsytlhotels.com or 60 3 2783 1000. A YTL LUXURY RESORT accolades press sustainability careers policies sitemap NEWSLETTER SIGN UP PANGKOR LAUT RESORT Pangkor Laut Island 32200 Lumut Perak Malaysia travelcentreytlhotels.com Reservations or eventsytlhotels.com Groups Telephone 60 3 2783 1000 Reservations or 60 5 699 1100 Resort YTL LUXURY RESORTS Pangkor Laut Resort  Tanjong Jara Resort  Gaya Island Resort Pangkor Laut Resort Tanjong Jara Resort Gaya Island Resort